Show descriptions of templates in ddev create help (#18039)
DataDog/integrations-core: datadog_checks_dev/datadog_checks/dev/tooling/templates/integration/tile/README.md

# Tile-only Integration

> Choose this type of integration if you host the logic somewhere you cannot publish  the tile and assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose this type of integration if you host the logic externally, and you cannot publish the tile and assets.
```

Reviewer: Please confirm this is still accurate

Author: Hmm, what I'm trying to say is this:

The logic for the integration lives either in an internal repo (which I don't really want to name specifically) or in the `datadog-agent` repo. The tiles aren't published from those repos, so they are added here.

Let me know how you think I should phrase it best.

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying, I've updated the suggestion.

> Examples of integrations of this type include checks included in the Agent or crawlers that run on Datadog internal infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of integrations of this type include checks installed on the Agent or crawlers that run on Datadog internal infrastructure.
```
